Better primitive type support in custom string and numeral notations. (#13519)
coq/coq: doc/changelog/03-notations/13519-primitiveArrayNotations.rst

- **Added:**

>   :ref:`Number Notation <number-notations>` and :ref:`String Notation
>   <string-notations>` commands now support primitive floats and primitive arrays

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :cmd:`Number Notation` and :cmd:`String Notation`
  commands now support primitive floats and primitive arrays
```

>   :cmd:`Number Notation` and :cmd:`String Notation`
>   commands now support primitive floats and primitive arrays
>   as well as the type constants of all primitive objects as parameter of inductives and arrays

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  :cmd:`Number Notation` and :cmd:`String Notation`
  commands now support primitive floats, primitive arrays
  and type constants of primitive objects as parameters of inductives and arrays
```

I don't understand the `as parameters of inductives and arrays`, maybe `as` should be `for`?  And it's unclear how `parameters` and `inductives and arrays` relate to these syntax-oriented commands.  Are you referring to _printing_ inductives and arrays?

Author: I rephrased the whole changelog entry.
I want to communicate that:
-objects whose type is primitive float and primitive arrays can now be printed/parsed, while before this was only there for primitive integers.
-The constants that are the type of those objects (`Numbers.Cyclic.Int63.Int63.int` etc) are now allowed inside terms that get parsed/printed, which is for example needed when constructing polymorphic datatypes or arrays containing primitive values.
Would you mind to give feedback on the new phrasing?

- **Added:**

>   :cmd:`Number Notation` and :cmd:`String Notation` can now register parsers
>   and printers for terms containing primitive floats, primitive arrays
>   and type constants for primitive types.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  :cmd:`Number Notation` and :cmd:`String Notation` now support
  parsing and printing of primitive floats, primitive arrays
  and type constants of primitive types.
```

Simpler and clearer--does it capture the essence of the change?  `type constants` or can it just be `constants`?

Author: It should be type constants, as `constants` sounds too much line ints themself instead of their type imho

  (`#13519 <https://github.com/coq/coq/pull/13519>`_,
  fixes `#13484 <https://github.com/coq/coq/issues/13484>`_
  and `#13517 <https://github.com/coq/coq/issues/13517>`_,

>   by Fabian Kunze, with help of Jason Gross, reviewed by Gaëtan Gilbert,

Author: ```suggestion
  by Fabian Kunze, with help of Jason Gross)
```

>   Pierre Roux, Théo Zimmermann and Jim Fehrle).

Reviewer 2: You don't need to credit me as a reviewer.  IMHO reviewer credit is appropriate when the review was a lot of work or "above and beyond" what's normally needed.

>   Pierre Roux, Théo Zimmermann and Jim Fehrle).

Author: ```suggestion
```
